- [Instructor] H+Sport Drinks IT manager has asked you
to begin reviewing Oracle's WebLogic server container,
and what would be necessary
to move the flagship application over
to a fully functional Java EE web application server.
A few features concerning Oracle's WebLogic
is that it must be run on Oracle JDK and not
on the Open JDK due to licensing issues.
It's fully Java Enterprise Enterprise 7 compatible,
and Java SE certified which provides
some backwards compatibility.
Keep in mind that JDK 9, or 10, or later will not work
with WebLogic 12c and WebLogic will let you know
as well during the installation.
So let's look at the benefits.
12c provides several monitoring tools and capabilities
for managing nodes and clusters.
WebLogic additionally supports a huge out of the box number
of XA and non-XA compliant database drivers.
You can as well deploy your own by copying
and deploying the libraries over.
WebLogic allows you to create templates
of current 12c installations
for packaging and installation
into a .jar file for quicker setup
and installation on other machines.
And WebLogic 12 incorporates a huge number
of features which we won't be able
to cover fully in this chapter.
For the sake of time we will only
be covering core features needed by Devs
and System Admins for deploying and managing applications.
If you're interested in learning more
about the features available these links should help.